feat: Elixir Bindings for PRQL (#1500)
PrQL/prql: prql-elixir/README.md

# PRQL

[PRQL](https://prql-lang.org/) bindings for Elixir.

## Installation

```elixir
def deps do
  [
    {:prql, "~> 0.1.0"}
  ]
end
```

## Basic Usage

```elixir
  iex> PRQL.compile("from customers")
      {:ok, "SELECT\n  *\nFROM\n  customers\n\n-- Generated by PRQL compiler version 0.3.1 (https://prql-lang.org)\n"}

  iex> PRQL.compile("from customers\ntake 10", dialect: :mssql)
  {:ok, "SELECT\n  TOP (10) *\nFROM\n  customers\n\n-- Generated by PRQL compiler version 0.3.1 (https://prql-lang.org)\n"}
```

## Development

> We are using `Rustler` to provide rust bindings for `prql-compiler`. So you need
> to install `Rust` toolchain in order to develop this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are in the early stages of developing Elixir bindings. 

We're using `Rustler` to provide rust bindings for `prql-compiler`.

Currently using the bindings in an Elixir project requires compiling the
rust crate from this repo:
```

- Install dependencies with `mix deps.get`
- Compile project `mix compile`

> - Run tests `mix test`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run tests `mix test`

Future work includes publishing pre-compiled artifacts, so Elixir projects can run PRQL without needing a rust toolchain.
```
